(Degenerated laughter)
(Remains fake and provoked laughing)
(Extreme coughing and laughing)
Oh sorry. I did not see you there. I just laughed at my favorite moving picture on the internet.
Oh, you also like gifs? Ha, what do you think of this?
add me to league or legends: MrDyon
It is a moving picture. It is the nicest thing on the internet.
(More fake laugh)
Why are you laughing?
You will not believe it. Stalin has cancer.
Do you want to win all gift vouchers below?
PewDiePie died at the age of 69.
That's right. Today we are going to talk about gifts and where your complete Lodha generated scumbag is used for.
That's right, I said it.
The first thing you need to know about GIFs is that it is an acronym for GOD I ...
... FLIPPING SUCK. I added the last piece. Was just a joke of boys. It is actually an acronym for ...
GRAPHIC INTERCHANGE FORMAT
Hmmm ... Interesting ...
And secondly, more importantly, it is pronounced as GIF okay? And if you call it JIF ...
Then I do not know what to tell you. There must be something wrong with you. Are you genuinely disturbed? But Felix de ...
... makers call it JIFs, so it has to be good to speak out.
Ohh okay. So because you have invented something, it means that you are the literary scholar how it is pronounced.
What if I tell you that the maker of cars pronounces it as 'CARS'.
Because the inventor of 'CRS' pronounces it as 'CR'. So stupid. Does not matter at all. You look as stupid as you think. Do not make me laugh.
Stop. Not the gifts. I can not. It's too funny.
Do you even know what the verb of JIF means?
Let's just entertain the idea of ​​saying a JIF. Do you know what JIF means?
Do you know? You do not want to know. Let me geode with that homo.
I do not discriminate against your weird sexual desires, but no. JIFFING is not allowed. All right? Stop it!
It seems that many of your lobotimists have problems to pronounce the word JIF. You just called me a lobotomist.
This...
... because Dr. Theo Jo is going to put some fair knowledge before you. It is JIF.
It is pronounced as JIF. And you know what I'm not going to say.
It is because of how the makers said it. It is not even a factor. Just ignore that. There is no J in GIF.
There is no reason to put it this way ... Oh, and what about gim, giraffe, gel, gin ...
ginger, general. You just have to forget it, right? Felix: Hey Jo,
You seem a bit upset ... Will I give you a JIFT? Do you want me to JIFT you?
Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhh ......
Oh I'm sorry. Is the 'G' for the acronym
JRAPHICS or GRAPHICS.
Let's see what other stupid arguments there are. You will ...
There are about 1 million words in the English language and statistically about 1.95% ...
... of them starts with a G. That is ...
... 19500 words starting with a G. On Wikipedia there is an article. That literally has a list of words ...
... where a hard G is used instead of a soft G.
So the fact that you actually make an article. Small enough to put them on a list should give away a bit. Felix: Okay, well ...
... let's examine the article. Here is the same article. I found it. A list of English words where G ...
... is pronounced expansively. Oh look! GIF is in it!
Wow! What a great article you found! Wow, that really proved your point, did not it?
(Claps sarcastically)
There are 61 words on that list. Let's finish it to 100. 100 of the 19500 is ...
... 0.5%. So you would rather claim that JIF is an exception to a rule that ...
... 99.5% of the time is followed instead of admitting that you never looked up the grammar rule first.
Oh...
... so because ...
... statistically it is less likely that it is pronounced in one way or another, it means that it is pronounced. Yes...
That is absolutely logical according to that logic, all these words must be pronounced as jecko, jeek, jeese. It's the same idea right?
Now it is less likely that you pronounce it that way. You 'joofus'.
You 'jummy'.
You 'jum jum'. You jummie dumb spank jumbie butt.
It stands for 'Graphics Interchange Format'. So it must be a hard G.
This is such a stupid argument that you immediately sound like an idiot. Felix: No not. Shut up.
I made a poll on Twitter to see what you thought was the best way to say it.
Oh look! Most of you think you pronounce it with a hard G. So that means statistically ...
... that it is good of course, right? And of course...
Wikipedia is the most trusted site of all time to retrieve your sources. What if we look up GIF in a real dictionary?
Oh look! What is the first thing that appears? GIF with a hard G! Wow that was really hard, right?
That's right, I have you hard on the GIF problem. 'Haters gonna hate'.
Am I right? Certainly glad that we have arranged that now
Now let's move on to the real problem of the GIFs. GIFs have been around for longer than ...
...25 years. It started as a cute little dancing baby. Wow look at that. Do you recognize them?
Only 90's children remember it.
How about the 'Peanut butter jelly banana'. That was funny right?
GIFs used to be so cute and so innocent that they were used to make websites look good.
I remember that I created a website that only had GIFs.
Look at these beautiful butterflies. You can no longer see such GIFs.
You just do not do that.
Look at this amazing frame rate of this. Wow.
It seems like I'm actually there. Love Star Wars GIFs. Those are the best.
Well, guess what it is now. It's junk.
It's just junk. So much junk. If you post a GIF in the last 7 days ...
... I have news for you. Your mother gay. That's just how it is. Sorry. I know what you think.
How do we go from this ... to this?
Video: Ever shared this?
Or this?
Nothing like a good reaction GIF right?
But you have probably noticed that the most popular are black people who are dramatic.
This.
Meme: 'It's for real estate'
Boys it is ...
... time to stop. I do not understand why people like it so much to use GIFs. They are not funny.
They are rarely funny or grinnik worthy.
But it is still spread out.
Just like a disease.
I tried to look for a few cringy examples of people who used GIFs.
And the only thing that popped up.
Were people who cringen. What is cringy of itself. You are...
... what you are trying to show that you are against. Wake up. A GIF sharing of you cringen is cringend.
Marzia: Stop hating! Felix: Get out and post GIFs. Can not believe it. My own GF.
Go! It is time to stop.
Do you know why GIFs are so popular? Because of the internet.
No, I'm not talking about my channel. I'm talking about Tumblr.
It is as if you always need at least ten images to stimulate your brain to distract from the fact that you ...
... are an anxious depressed teenager. That is Tumblr.
Congratulations everyone. When someone greets you by name, and you do not recognize them.
When you are sitting between two people who are fighting.
So approachable. Oh my God!
When you are expected to run to a friend, you have just heard a rumor.
(Does GIF.)
Do you have any kind of character of yourself?
Do you really need celebrities to portray your emotions and words, then you are literally so empty ...
... that you can not even express yourself without using the image in someone else's video and text.
Now I know it's an argument that: oh, you're stealing memes and GIFs.
It is the same, but you do not just steal the joke. You steal the whole character of another person. It is pathetic
But Felix we just have fun.
It is not allowed to have fun! Not on this channel.
BuzzFeed is of course also a big problem why GIFs are so popular.
Can you imagine that you are studying for four years to become a journalist - and then work on a new side of writing articles called:
19 things that even healthy people do that are actually bad for you. Spend up to $ 75,000 to get your degree.
- then it is told hey, this is a great article and what you wrote was really great ...
... but we can just add more photos of celebrities coming in because your words were not enough.
Ignore your body and refuse to make medical appointments.
If you are not convinced of my ideas about why GIFs are bad, do not worry.
There are straightforward facts to explain this. GIFs were originally popular because they were efficient.
GIF uses a photocompression called LZW
What stands for: LOL, ZORS, WOW.
Just kidding. Sometimes I want to invent things.
LZW
It is a lossless compression algorithm that likes to quickly download a large image, even if you have a slow bandwidth.
Great, yes. It was amazing. 20 years ago .GIFs have now been surpassed by their superior: PNG.
But I want moving images. We all know GIFs have existed for a long time. It is an old format.
But now people popularize it by adding images and moving images. That is when it has clearly become an outdated format.
Do not believe me. I will link two examples in the description, just click on them.
I have a fairly fast internet and these GIFs are not downloaded unless I open them separately, they will load faster.
The reason why the video is faster than the GIF is because it is about 2 MB instead of the GIF which is 14 MB.
Damn Daniel.
The video can also start streaming and does not have to download everything to play the video.
While the poison must download the entire file to display correctly.
But why is this so?
Because of video compression. That's right.
If this setup that I have with the camera for example takes up very little space on your computer or at least when I am sitting on my computer, because ...
Simple background. I do not move much. How the video compression works ...
... is that only the images that are put in motion are processed
Unless the background changes. Which leads to much less data being wasted. Yeah.
But if you start by adding a lot of things that move on the screen, and if I'm going crazy ...
... and you add a lot of confetti and stuff. You quickly see that the quality of the video drops considerably.
But that's how we can have so many videos on YouTube and for so long. Thank you.
Thanks to the efficiency of video compression. There are so many things made possible. Hoera!
It is also very cool if the video compression fails.
♪ Music ♪
Damn stop with the GIFs!
"But Pewds not everyone has bad internet so we do not need models."
There is no reason to be intentionally inefficient. All right. There is a better solution. That's right.
HTML5 elements.
It is getting hot to play. It can make loop if you want. look at this beauty.
Oh, please, right away, even though the whole thing is not buffered yet. And it has sound. It has volume control.
You can pause it. You can choose to repeat it if you wish. You can adjust the volume.
You can easily download it. And you can work with it in full screen. And the coding for it is also very simple.
HTML5 Elements ...
...everybody. That's right. If you have just been trained. Oh snap!
You have just been added to the GIF topic. What other argument do you have for the use of that mess?
Okay, everybody now. We can finally agree on at least two things.
It is pronounced as GIF and you must stop using it.
I know it is sad, but at some point all things must come to an end. And I think it's time that we finally ...
... stop this outdated format.
I know how I will express my life if I can not express myself through ariana grande GIFs.
I know. It will be difficult.
But you can get this through. I believe in you. Just think about our Ariana herself.
I just got a bone out of my skull. How are you doing today?
That's right. That's how I came from my GIF addiction. To stop it. Stop this mess.
I do not want to see any GIF meme in my life again. Wait what is this? That is hilarious.
♪ Outro music ♪